
Shaggy, a local hero and philanthropist, loves playing squares with all of his friends during his favorite sporting events. Shaggy does not like having to draw out the squares by hand because his great strength makes it difficult to hold mortal pencils. So he goes onto the SquareSports website and quickly creates a football square for the big game. By filling out his squares online or simply printing the squares template he can get squares as perfect as he is without destroying any pencils.

Dwight picked up 12 pack of root beers for the boys on the big Sunday game. In order to spice things up, one friend offers a friendly wager: a game of squares. Dwight quickly pull out his phone and open SquareSports, to make a squares board in less than 5 seconds. He made a squares game using drop down menus for the team names, and the website selected everyone's squares quickly before Green Bay picked up a quick touchdown return. It was so easy, Dwight could gloat about the early head start without worrying about tallying the points.

As an avid environmentalist, Joseph hates wasting paper on mundane tasks. He has recently been invited to watch the big upcoming game and wants to bet his life savings away using sports squares. Joseph arrives and his friends suggest using multiple pieces of paper to create the sports squares. He is instantly filled with rage and is tempted to leave the party simply  because of that statement. As an alternative, he suggests using the award winning sports squares website, "SquareSports". His friends agree and are amazed at the seamless transition between mobile and desktop, and the free cost required to use the program. The guests were happy and the sports party was a huge hit.

As a freshman, Billy is very excited to watch the university basketball games on tv.  Every weekend he invites his friends to come over anad watch the basketball game with him.  But his friends never want to watch the games with him because 'basketball is boring'.  So Billy decides to liven up the party with a little friendly competetion.  He goes on Sports Squares and creates a basketball square board for his friends to use.  His friends enjoy cheering when the score matches their square at the end of each period, and Billy enjoys spending the game with his friends.

Roberto is hosting a party for the big sport game and his friends want to get a friendly betting game of squares going. Anticipating his friends to get a little rowdy after drinking a couple of kegs soda, Roberto does not think drawing out the board will work well. So the day before the game, Roberto logs onto his SquareSportz account and creates a square game that he can invite his friends to join a steel cage chutes and ladders match. Once the bell rings, Roberto and his friends keep their eyes glues to the scoreboard celebrating when each wins a point  check their squares to see who will win the bounty.

